hey guys today we'll be doing a video on
how to change your Kerry name on Android
so let's get started so for starters
you'll need root permissions and also
you'll need to download two files one is
xposed installer and the other one is X
blast tools all links will be in the
description for this one first we will
open them up
so when you download the software for
the xposed installer so first we'll hit
install installing app is installed
let's open it and we'll see framework so
first of all you have to go install
slash update so as module yeah it's all
good and afterwards the next thing
you'll have to download is X plus tools
which is what will enable you to change
your carry name and when you download
that you'll be recruited with the same
screens or hit install and it's
installing now to actually activate x+
towards unity going to modules in the
expose install and just click X plus
tools ok so now you go down to carry a
label you change the carry a label in
the lock screen let's just change it to
SD for now it's just a test and carry an
Ableton notification is SD as well so
that and then after that you'll have to
go down to reboot I just hit the soft
reboot and I'll start rebooting and down
the bottom we will be greeted with our
Korea name which is SD and just to prove
to you it is in that notification panel
which is here and there we go
SD right here hey guys if you do like
these videos please thumbs it up
favourite it and subscribe for more in
the future and I'll see you in the next
one
you